what's up everybody raccoon here from
raccoons corner calm I haven't done a
video in a long time but i'm going to be
reviewing beats by dr. dre ibeats as you
can see right here these are the earbuds
right here this is the box that it came
in so first let's get to what it came
with and compared to skullcandy ink'd
this came with a lot more so i don't
know if you can see this good or not but
as you can see there's um a lot of your
pete are your tips in here and then as i
said in my unboxing video it says sound
really matters and underneath here
there's the oh shoot some earbuds just
your tips just fill up but um there's
the manual or whatever beats by dr. dre
um as you can see he s so I'm did fall
out but now let's get to the earbuds
personally I like these a lot better
than um impt I think these are that your
tips that I chose because they fit
better in my ear but um they do have
some scuff marks because I skateboard
with them and they felt fall out of my
ears a lot they did when I had different
your tips and it's labeled L for left
don't know if you can see that in this
one's labeled r4 right where is it there
it is right there and here you got your
volume control up down and if you have
an ipod shuffle double click that to
change songs hold it down and it'll say
like all songs or podcasts and if it
says like all songs you press this once
and it's like all songs or it says
podcast press this when it says podcast
and it'll go to podcast arm pros this is
pretty good um it has good base I think
I mean not the best but it does have
some bass like I mean I don't know maybe
it's just me but it seems like I can
only hear the bass when i turn the
volume up a lot and
the good the price um you know was
pretty expensive $109 for these but and
when you could have got like a full
skullcandy headset for like cheaper than
that and originally I wanted to get the
beat some over the ear headphones but I
didn't have enough money for that all I
had $109 and this thing right here I
think it's supposed to clip on to like
the earbuds here and then like clip onto
your shirt so that way like you won't
have to put in your pocket or something
like that um now overall these are
pretty good I think I'd give them nine
out of ten or five hours seven out of
ten around there um now the cons okay I
tested these earbuds or my friend date
on his ipod shuffle and he has a very
first ipod shuffle in that all the songs
were like slow and didn't play properly
but that could be because he has a
different ipod like not a newer one and
i have a new one one um and so that's
kind of a con right there they get
scuffed pretty easily I've had these for
a few weeks now and they already look
like this kind of scuffed up and um I
don't know if you notice this guys and
girls but I have a knot right there
that's my own fault but um I wanted
these earbuds because I wanted to try
them because I heard good things about
beats and this one the over the ear
headphones had good base in hot topic
and I just wanted these to give them a
try and overall i would recommend these
if you have the money as I said these
are pretty expensive but if you want to
give them a try go ahead and pay $109
plus like some sense for tax or if
you're looking sorry about that or if
you're looking for something cheap just
go with skullcandy ink'd $20 about or
some school candy crushers or something
like that but um these are the cheaper
cheapest ones that you can buy
I in the beach series by dr.dre another
YouTube partner the iphone csr or caesar
or whatever AKA Logan Voss has these the
Justin Bieber kind and he likes him a
lot so Logan you for watching this video
feel free to comment below what you
think of these and write them and I hope
this review was pretty good I know it's
kind of a last minute review I just
thank you for watching and this is my
blog raccoons quarter calm it is up it's
been out for a long time and please
don't comment on my nails being too long
or whatever or saying how like I have a
gay voice or something because that's
not going to be tolerated with me and
you can follow me on twitter twitter.com
/ rock here in tech there's than my blog
of course I just said that in them be
sure to subscribe to this YouTube
channel for more videos like this catch
you guys next time one thing that I
forgot to mention is it includes this
cool case that says beats by dr. dre and
then it says I'm monster and then it
says sound really matters up there and
you can hold like your iPod or your iPod
shuffle or something in here or let your
buds or let your tips or but all of them
or something but um yeah that's it for
the review guys and girls um sorry for
that for leaving that out but it's in
here now ok catch you guys next time
peace
bye